Add workload, sdk-version constraints to docs and schema (#4823)
dotnet/templating: docs/Constraints.md

```json
   "constraints": {

>        "linux-only": {

Reviewer: thanks for fixing this

           ]
       },
   }
```

## Installed Workloads
Defines applicability of a template in the dotnet runtime with specific [workloads](https://github.com/dotnet/designs/blob/main/accepted/2020/workloads/workloads.md) installed.

> All the installed (queryable via `dotnet worload list`) as well as [extended](https://github.com/dotnet/designs/blob/main/accepted/2020/workloads/workload-manifest.md#workload-composition) workloads are inspected during evaluating of this constraint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All the installed (queryable via `dotnet workload list`) as well as [extended](https://github.com/dotnet/designs/blob/main/accepted/2020/workloads/workload-manifest.md#workload-composition) workloads are inspected during evaluating of this constraint.
```

**Configuration:**

- `type`: `workload`

> - `args` (string, array). Mandatory. List of names of supported workloads (running host need to have at least one of the requested workloads installed).

Reviewer: nit: if there is a list or command that shows list of available workloads, it would be good to include it here.
E.g. `To see the list of available workloads and their names, see <link>.`

**Supported in**:

>    - CLI host (`dotnet new`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - .NET SDK CLI (`dotnet new`)
```

### Examples

```json
   "constraints": {
       "android-runtime": {
           "type": "workload",
           "args": [ "microsoft-net-runtime-android", "microsoft-net-runtime-android-aot" ]
       },
   }
```  
```json
   "constraints": {
       "web-assembly": {
           "type": "workload",
           "args": "wasm-tools"
       },
   }
```

## Current SDK Version

> Defines applicability of a template in the dotnet runtime with specific SDK version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Defines .NET SDK version the template can be used on.
```

Only the currently active SDK (queryable via `dotnet --version`, changeable by the [`global.json`](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/tools/global-json)) is being considered. Other available SDKs (queryable via `dotnet --list-sdks`) are checked for possible match and result is reported in the evaluation output wuth possible remedy steps - the form of reporting is dependend on the templating host.

**Configuration:**

- `type`: `sdk-version`
- `args` (string, array). List of versions supported by the template. Syntax and match evaluation of versions are identical as in the [Template engine host](#template-engine-host) constraint.

**Supported in**:

>    - CLI host (`dotnet new`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - .NET SDK CLI (`dotnet new`)
```
